You want me to apologize to you?
What is it that you do, Philip?
Sell eggs?
Wash dishes?
Maybe you're just a bum.
You're right.
I'm just reading myself.
Enough, everyone stop laughing at Philip.
Okay, you're going way too far.
Caroline, your husband has one redeeming quality.
He's hilarious.
Andrew?
Good.
Remember every word you've just said.
I hope you're calling to ride.
You need to leave, man.
Cody?
Bring me that idiot's father.
What was your name again?
Bob?
To me.
Now.
See you soon, sir.
Thank you.
Geez.
Who was you talking to with such respect?
The president?
You'll find out soon enough.
What?
Let's go, Bob, and we'll discuss the rest of the project at the party.
Right away, sir.
Who are you trying to impress with this act and whose father are you speaking of?
Oh, you're not entirely stupid.
I guess you figured out who I was talking about.
You son of a...
Sir!